README.md, before:

# Hello-world
<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  
  <br/>
  <h3><b>Microverse README Template</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents
- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Hello world] <a name="about-project"></a>

> Describe your project in 1 or 2 sentences.

**[Hello world]** is a simple greeting page of microverse.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack">HTML</a>
### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack">CSS</a>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Describe between 1-3 key features of the application.

- **[Simple greeting application]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> Describe how a new developer could make use of your project.

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:
 - Code Editor
 - Browser

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
 - cd my-folder
 - git clone "https://github.com/Tshobohwa/Hello-world.git" 
 - cd Hello-world

### Install

Install this project with:
 - cd my-project
 - gem install

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:
 - live server




<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

> Mention all of the collaborators of this project.

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Tshobohwa)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/SalomonTshoboh1)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tshobohwa-salomon-4bb457245/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

If you like this project, please give it a start and follow us on our platforms for more upcoming projects.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Give credit to everyone who inspired your codebase.

I would like to thank Microverse. 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add demo and future features

README.md, after:

# Hello-world
<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  
  <br/>
  <h3><b>Microverse README Template</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents
- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Hello world] <a name="about-project"></a>

> Describe your project in 1 or 2 sentences.

**[Hello world]** is a simple greeting page of microverse.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack">HTML</a>
### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack">CSS</a>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Describe between 1-3 key features of the application.

- **[Simple greeting application]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Add a link to your deployed project.

- [comming soon](https://yourdeployedapplicationlink.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> Describe how a new developer could make use of your project.

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:
 - Code Editor
 - Browser

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
 - cd my-folder
 - git clone "https://github.com/Tshobohwa/Hello-world.git" 
 - cd Hello-world

### Install

Install this project with:
 - cd my-project
 - gem install

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:
 - live server




<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

> Mention all of the collaborators of this project.

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Tshobohwa)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/SalomonTshoboh1)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tshobohwa-salomon-4bb457245/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

> Describe 1 - 3 features you will add to the project.

- [None] **[new_feature_1]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

If you like this project, please give it a start and follow us on our platforms for more upcoming projects.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Give credit to everyone who inspired your codebase.

I would like to thank Microverse. 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
